####Angry Dudes, usually white/anglo/western, usually misogynist
* "cuck" (but how to counter BDSM)
* "SWJ"
* "AWATS"
* ""

#####Angry Takfiri Fuckheads
"tāghūt"|"tawāghīt"|"Taghut"|"Taghout"|"Tawagheet"
"kufr"
"kufar"
"kuffar"
"kafir"
"Rāfidah|"Rafd"
"nusairi" (?)
"murtaddīn
"Irjā’"
"walā’ and barā’"
"jāhilī"
"mushrikīn"|"shirk" (too common in english?)
"palace scholars"
"Safawiyya"|"Safawī"
"Āl salūl"|"Al Saloul"
taqiyya تقية

#####Angry Evangelical/Pentacostal/Baptist Fuckheads or just general haters of Muslims
"holy snackbar"



#####Angry Shia'i
"Irhābī"| "إرهابيي"|"Irhābiyyūn" إرهابيون"


Jihadist Terrorist Arabic Vocabulary guide
Vocabulary list for Jihadist Terrorists.

طاغوت ṭāġūt plural: طواغيت ṭawāġīt (alternate spellings, Taghut, Taghout, Tawagheet)

A ruler who does not rule by Islamic law (šarīʿah or sharia). Pretty much all leaders of Muslim countries are given this label by the terrorists, including Al-Assad, the Saudis, Sisi, etc.)

كافر Kāfir plural: كفّار Kuffār

Infidel, unbeliever, used by terrorists to refer to all non-Muslims. Means a person who covers the truth (which they see as Islam)

ردة riddah

Apostasy

مرتد murtadd plural: مرتدين murtaddīn

Apostate

نصرانيّة Naṣrāniyyah

نصراني Naṣrānī plural: نصارى Nasāra

The name prefered by Islamists and terrorists to refer to Christianity and Christians. It means Nazarene and it has derogatory connotations. The normal word in Arabic to refer to Christianity is مسيحية masīḥīya and to Christians is مسيحي masīḥī plural مسيحيون masīḥīyūn which comes from مسيح Masīh which means Messiah.

نصيرية Nuṣayriyyah

Derogatory term for Alawite religion, علوية ʿAlawiyyah.

نصيري Nuṣayrī plural : نصيريون Nuṣayrīyūn

Derogatory term for Alawites (علوي 'alawī plural: علويون 'alawīyūn). Derived from the founder of their religion, Ibn Nusayr.

رافضة Rāfiḍah plural: روافض Rawāfiḍ (alternate spellings: Raafidah, Rawaafid)

Derogatory term for the Shīʿah شيعة. It means the rejectors or refusers. An individual Shia would be a رافضي Rāfiḍī.

يهود Yahūd (alternate spelling: Yahood)

آل سلول Āl salūl (alternate spellings, Al Saloul, Al Salul)

Derogatory name for the Saudi royal family Āl Saʻūd آل سعود. Used to insult Saudi Arabia

بلاد الحرمين Bilād al-Ḥaramayn (alternate spelllings: Bilaad al Haramain, Bilad al Haramain)

Name used to refer to Saudi Arabia by Jihadists to delegitimize the Saudi state. Bilād means "country" and Ḥaramayn refers to the holy cities of Mecca and Medina. Ḥaram refers to a holy place, and "ayn" is the dual ending in Arabic.

بلاد الرافدين Bilād ar-Rāfidayn (alternate spellings: Bilaad al Rafidain)

Mesopotamia

الشام aš-šam (alternate spellings: Ash-Sham, Al-Sham)

The Levant

صليبية Ṣalībīyyah

Crusades

صليبي Ṣalībī Plural: صليبيون Ṣalībīyūn

Crusader

دابق Dābiq

The place in Syria where it is believed in Islamic teaching that at the end of the world, a major battle between the Muslims and the Romans (interpreted as the West (Crusaders)) will occur there.

مجوس Majūs

Literally means Zoroastrian. It is used by terrrorists to refer to anything perceived to be related to Iran or Persians. Despite the fact that there are tens of millions of Sunni Persian speaking Tajiks and Sunni Persians (Hola) in Bahrain and other Gulf states, and that one of Muhammad's companions was Salman the Persian.

Abū Ḥanīfa أبو حنيفة the founder of the Ḥanafī Madhhab was a Persian

Six of the authors of the Hadīth حديث collections for Sunnis were ethnic Persians.

Muhammad bin Isma'il al-Bukhari was Persian, Muslim bin Hajjaj al-Naishapuri was Persian, Abu Dawood Sulaiman b. Ash'ath al-Sijistani was Persian, Muhammad bin 'Isa al-Tirmidhi was Persian, Abu 'Abd al-Rahman al-Nisa'i was Persian, and Ibn Maja al-Qazwini was Persian.

Malik ibn Anas was the only non-Persian author of the Hadīth.

So terrorists should call themselves Majūsī.
